Added secrects doc (#231)
FairwindsOps/insights-docs: docs/configure/automation/integrations.md

  body: JSON.stringify(ActionItem),
});
```

> ## Adding and using secrets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Adding and Using Secrets
```

> Users can save secrets stored encrypted into Insights and use them, when creating automation rules, using `getSecret` function. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can store encrypted secrets into Insights and use them when creating Automation Rules using the `getSecret` function. 
```

> Create secret endpoint:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a secret:
```

```js

> curl 'https://insights.fairwinds.com/v0/organizations/acme-co/secrets/bulk' \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
curl 'https://insights.fairwinds.com/v0/organizations/$YOUR_ORG/secrets/bulk' \
```

  -H 'accept: application/json, text/plain, */*' \
  -H 'content-type: application/json' \

>   ...

Reviewer: What is this ... ?

Author: cookis and other info

Reviewer: I would remove it then

>     --data-raw '[{"key": "$KEY", "value": "$VALUE"}]'

Reviewer: I think the indentation is off here by one extra space.

>     --data-raw '[{"key": "MY_SECRET", "value": "pwd-12345"}]'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    --data-raw '[{"key": "$KEY", "value": "$VALUE"}]'
```

```

> Listing secrets keys endpoint:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To list current secrets:
```

```js

> curl 'https://insights.fairwinds.com/v0/organizations/acme-co/secrets/bulk'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
curl 'https://insights.fairwinds.com/v0/organizations/$YOUR_ORG/secrets/bulk'
```

> ...

Reviewer: Not sure what the ... is? I think it should be removed

Author: Cookies and other http parameters

Reviewer: I would remove it then
